　　2018年上半年全国大学英语四六级考试于6月16日进行，新浪教育24小时全程关注，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯，以下为英语四级写作范文：　　如何提升阅读能力　　In modern society， it has been a trend that diverse English examinations put tremendous emphasis on the ability of reading。 When facing the subject that， as undergraduates， how we could improve our reading ability constantly， different people hold different opinions。　　As an undergraduate， my proposals related to the means to promote the reading ability are based on the following aspects。 To begin with， reading ability， a basic grounding of English learning ability， would be well improved by unceasingly reading various articles， such as fictions， magazines and newspapers。 Additionally， as we all know， writing reading notes is a wise method， which would contribute to cultivating a positive reading habit。 Along with the analyses of different kinds of articles， not only can we accumulate a great deal of knowledge， but also we are able to enhance our reading ability。 Last but not least， we ought to make good use of the electronic products， such as iPad and Kindle， which will either improve our study efficiency or arouse our interest in reading。　　All in all， on the basis of the causes mentioned above， the significance of reading can never be overemphasized。 Consequently， my sincere hope is that all the college students could continue to improve our abilities in every respect。 Only in this way can we get more achievements and reach our ultimate goals。　　如何提高演讲能力　　In modern society， it has been a phenomenon that there are more and more opportunities to use English， not only in different exams but also in our daily life。 Among the abilities of using English， speaking ability must be a practical one that every educated person should possess。 And the fluency in English expression must be a result of a set of really tough work。　　As an undergraduate， my proposal related to the means to promote the speaking ability is based on the following aspects。 Speaking ability， as far as I am concerned， acquires unceasing exercises of both listening and speaking。 As a consequence， we ought to make good use of the materials around us， such as the Internet， which will either improve our study efficiency or arouse our interest in speaking。 The application， Ted， is a perfect example。 It provides us with a great number of speeches delivered by diverse famous people from all kind of fields。 Through constantly listening to these speeches and reading loudly and clearly， our speaking ability must be improved continuously。　　To sum up， on the basis of the cause mentioned above， the significance of speaking can never be overemphasized。 Thus， my sincere hope is that all the college students could continue to improve their abilities in every respect。 Only in this way can we get more achievements and reach our ultimate goals。　　[写作题目解析]本次四级写作考查的仍然是问题解决型的议论文，和17年12月份的题目较为类似。这篇文章的思路同学们可以这样展开，在首段做好主题引出即可，而后在二段给出相应的提升阅读和写作能力的具体办法，最后一段总结全文，再次重申阅读和写作能力的重要性。关于提升阅读和写作能力的办法给出一些思路：学校可以多组织相关活动来促进学生进行日常的阅读和写作，个人可以多在日常学习中注重知识的积累，并多多参与学校组织的相关活动。　　来源：新东方　　作者：哈尔滨新东方学校董添宇老师