　　2018年上半年全国大学英语四六级考试于6月16日进行，新浪教育24小时全程关注，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯。以下为英语四级听力详解：　　passage1　　In today’s job market it’s not uncommon for job-seekers to submit applications for many positions。 That involves lots of time and lots of work to organize。 Certainly， you don’t want to waste your precious hours on following the developments in the disordered fashion and miss important deadlines confuse interview times or forget to follow up as a result.Accordingly， managing your job search properly is just as important as identifying job opportunities in submitting your applications.If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel or a similar program creating a table is a simple and effective way to keep track of your job applications。 If Excel isn’t quite your cup of tea。 Don’t work。 You can create a table in Microsoft word or a similar work processor。 Google is another tool to help you get organized effectively。 If you have a gmail account ，you can create ，save and send tables in addition to written documents like your cover letter or resume.You can also link up with google calender to make sure you stay on top of important dates.Clearly，there are plenty of ways to keep track of your job search and making the effort to simplify your job search will pay off。 Nevertheless， you should always focus on quality not quantity.Only apply for positions your are qualified for and make each applications count。 Personalizing each cover letter and updating and editing your resume。　　16.what does the speaker say about today’s job seekers？　　17.What can job applicants do with the help of Google？　　解析：　　16.what does the speaker say about today’s job seekers？　　解析：问：关于当代的求职者们作者说了什么？　　根据首题，可以定位到文档开篇。In today’s job market it’s not uncommon for job-seekers to submit applications for many positions。 That involves lots of time and lots of work to organize。 当今求职者们需要提交很多的申请去求得一份职位，这其中需要花费很多时间和精力。　　17.What can job applicants do with the help of Google？　　解析：问：申请者们可以怎样利用谷歌的帮助？If you have a gmail account ，you can create ，save and sent tables in addition to documents like your cover letter or resume.You can also link up with google canlender to make sure you stay on top of important dates.Clearly，there are plenty of ways to keep track of your job search and making the effort to simplify your job search will pay off。中间的题目，根据题文同序原则，我们可以定位到中间google处得出答案。　　18.What does the speaker suggest job seekers do？　　解析：问：作者建议求职者们可以做些什么？Nevertheless， you should always focus on quality not quantity。 Only apply for positions you are qualified for and make each applications count。 Personalizing each cover letter and updating and editing your resume。由逻辑关系词nevertheless后可定位，求职者们应该注重质量而不是数量，优化自己的简历信息。　　来源：新东方　　作者：哈尔滨新东方高湘霏老师